To create a new junkie's job, click new item, give the name, build image and then select pipeline.
Click.
Okay.
Scroll down to Pipeline.
And instead of giving the pipeline script hair, we want to grab it from GitHub.
So select pipeline script from Sxm and then git under ACM.
Go back to GitHub, Kubernetes code repository, click code, copy the STC URL and then paste it in
the repository URL.
My repository URL is public.
I kept it public so that you guys can go and fork it.
But if your repository is private, you need to give your GitHub credentials here.
Now under branch specify to change this to Main so you have to adjust this accordingly.
All the new GitHub repositories, the main branch is named as main, but if you are following some old
repository, it might be named as master.
And for now, we are going to manually submit this Jenkins job.
So I am not setting up the GitHub trigger yet.
So click save.
Now let's set up the update.
Manifest Jenkins job.
Go back to dashboard new item, give the name update manifest.
Note that this name should match whatever you use in the Jenkins file for the build container image
job going back to Jenkins.
This is also a pipeline job.
Click okay then select.
This project is parameterized and then add a string parameter and name of the parameter is Docker tag.
The default value is latest, but we are going to override it from the previous job and then scroll
down.
Same thing here.
We are going to grab the Jenkins file from the git.
And in this case, you have to give the URL for the Kubernetes manifest repo.
So go back to the Kubernetes manifest repo.
Copy the https URL.
Go back to Jenkins and then paste it here.
Same thing here.
Update the branch to main click Save.
All right, so now let's try to run this.
Go to the build image job and click Build now.
All right.
Now it's triggering the manifest of that job.
So let's go to manifest that job.
All right.
You can see this job is automatically submitted.
Now, I want to show the output from this.
So click this and then console output.
So not this deployment YAML before we changed it.
So the container image here shows the tag latest.
And then our said command ran.
And then the container image changed to tag one.
Now let's go back to Docker Hub.
Remember, it was empty.
Let's refresh the page.
Here we go.
Our very first container image is in the repository.
Now we are going to go and set up the Argo CD.